Cli hints (#212)
np-guard/vmware-analyzer: README.md

Flags:
      --anonymize                    flag to anonymize collected NSX resources (default false)
      --color                        flag to enable color output (default false)

>       --disjoint-hint stringArray    comma separated list of groups/tags that are VMs disjoint, needed for an effective and sound synthesis process, can specify more than one hint (example: "--disjoint-hint vm1,vm2 --disjoint-hint vm3,vm4")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --disjoint-hint stringArray    comma separated list of groups/tags that are VMs disjoint, needed for an effective and sound synthesis process, can specify more than one hint (example: "--disjoint-hint frontend,backend--disjoint-hint app,web")
```
is it possible to specify `-disjoint-hint app,web,db` ?

Author: I dont follow, why not?

Author: fixed

Reviewer: > I dont follow, why not?

this was a question, not a statement.
if possible, please update the example to demonstrate with 3 values (one could think from the example that it's only for pairs).

>       --disjoint-hint stringArray    comma separated list of groups/tags that are VMs disjoint, needed for an effective and sound synthesis process, can specify more than one hint (example: "--disjoint-hint vm1,vm2 --disjoint-hint vm3,vm4")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --disjoint-hint stringArray    comma separated list of NSX groups/tags that are VMs disjoint, needed for an effective and sound synthesis process, can specify more than one hint (example: "--disjoint-hint vm1,vm2 --disjoint-hint vm3,vm4")
```

Author: fixed
